I still feel this way about DLLs 5 years later....
----------------------------------------------------
Hi Everyone,

A persinal note from me about a topic dear to my heart...

Over the years I've come to hate DLLs (Dynamic Link Libraries)
in all environments (Windows, OS/2, etc.) and I never put 
them into MMURTL even though I threatened to do it several times.
I'm glad I didn't. Loadable services, and allowing
the OS to swap as needed is really the way to go.

People, the age of the 5 Megabyte Disk Drives is over, and
memory is no problem either (other than my own gray matter). 
And the thought that they aid in version management is a bad
joke, at best.

PLEASE help stamp out these horrible things. Their concept 
is outdated, outmoded and foolish. 

They should be outlawed - hunted down and killed immediately.
They serve no real useful purpose except to ruin clean 
installations and de-installations of otherwise good 
software packages. They clutter your computer and confuse the 
computer world in general.

Next to disease and world hunger, DLLs are at the top of my
list of things the world should actively work on eradicating.

If a man in a dark blue suit and dark sunglasses comes up to you
on the street and says:  "Hey there - How about a little DLL?"    

JUST SAY NO!  JUST SAY NO WAY!!! 

Please link your libraries into your executables (and only the code
you really need). It's much cleaner, and if you keep your libraries
tight and efficient, people will see your application load 
faster than your competitors prodcuts and they will like it.
You can let the operating system swap if needed - that is what
it is supposed to do. You'll have a much faster application and a 
much cleaner environment. TRUST ME... if we all pitch in we can get 
RID of these menaces.

If we're lucky, our grandchildren will look back in the
computer history books and just laugh about them... 
(and be thankful they don't have to deal with them)!

Thank you for your support in this matter,
Richard A. Burgess
6/1/99


P.S. As near as I can tell, DLLs have saved me a whopping 
27 Megabytes on my 11 GIGABYTE disk drive - however, I've
got another 43 megabytes of DLLs that I'm not sure I can delete.
BUT - they don't seem to be in use... I think... maybe... maybe not,
will I need them tomorrow??  Delete them?? A scary thought... 

